c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter.pdb
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\obj\Debug\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\obj\Debug\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter.pdb
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Unity.Mvc4.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Unity.WebApi.dll
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\b01672a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\Guggenheim.CabFareMeter\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
